- HOW'D YOU GET THAT INTERVIEW?
- CARL, WHO YOU MET
THE OTHER NIGHT.
- HEY, HANK.
- SO I WONDER
IF WE COULD
DO THE JOB TOGETHER.
- JUST LIKE WE USED TO.
- EXCEPT THAT I'M THE BOSS.
- [chuckles]
- YOUR GIRLFRIEND
HASN'T TOLD HER PARENTS
THAT SHE DIDN'T
GO BACK TO TUFI'S?
IT'S BEEN TWO WEEKS.
HOW LONG IS SHE GONNA STAY?
- IF SELLING THIS HOUSE
IS IMPORTANT TO YOU
THEN I'M WILLING TO DO THAT,
BECAUSE BEING IN THIS HOUSE
WITHOUT YOU
IS JUST NOT GONNA WORK.
- I'M MOVING OUT, JULIA.
- NO, YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
WE'RE A FAMILY.
YOU CAN'T GO!
- MM. OKAY, PACK UP
THOSE BACKPACKS.
DAD IS GONNA BE HERE ANY MINUTE
AND...I GOT THESE FOR YOU.
BLUE FOR VICTOR...
- COOL.
- AND RED FOR SYDNEY.
- WHY'S IT SO HEAW?
- BECAUSE I PACKED EVERYTHING I
THOUGHT YOU COULD POSSIBLY NEED
FOR YOUR BIG WEEKEND WITH DAD.
- SO WE HAVE TO CARRY
THESE AROUND ALL DAY?
WE ALREADY HAVE BACKPACKS.
- NO, THEY'RE FOR DAD.
HE'S GONNA TAKE THEM
TO HIS APARTMENT
AFI'ER HE DROPS YOU OFF
AT SCHOOL, 50--
- IT'S JUST A BAG.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
- THANK YOU.
- OH, GOD.
- HEY!
- DAD.
- THERE'S MY MAN.
HEY, BUDDY.
YOU NEED HELP WITH THIS?
- NO, IT'S OKAY.
- OKAY.
- I CALL SHOTGUN!
both: NO, NO SHOTGUN.
- YOU'RE GONNA SIT IN THE BACK
WITH YOUR SISTER.
IT'S SAFER.
IS THIS--IS THIS EVERYTHING?
- YEAH.
- OH, OKAY.
- SO, UH...
I GUESS--
- HAVE A GOOD WEEKEND.
- YEAH, YOU TOO.
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS.
- SEE YOU SUNDAY.
BYE.
- WHO IS HUNGRY?
Victor: I'M HUNGRY.
- I FIGURED.
[doorbell rings]
- HEY.
- OH, HI.
- HOW ARE YA?
- UM, IS ZEEK HERE OR CAMILLE?
- UH, THEY'RE BOTH OUT.
THOSE ARE MY FOLKS.
- OKAY.
I'M THEIR REAL ESTATE AGENT,
KAREN.
I'M JUST GONNA DROP THESE OFF
WITH YOU RIGHT NOW.
THEY'RE THE COMPS THEY WANTED TO
SEE BEFORE WE OFFICIALLY LIST.
- LIST?
- THIS HOUSE.
- LIST--LIST THIS HOUSE?
- THIS HOUSE, YEAH.
- FOR SALE?
- UH-HUH, FOR SALE
WITH MULTIPLE OFFERS.
FINGERS CROSSED.
[phone rings]
OOH, SORRY, GOTTA GET THIS.
- OKAY.
- THANKS.
EXCUSE ME.
- YOU BET.
- WOW, COULD YOUR FIRST CLASS
BE ANY FARTHER FROM YOUR DORM?
- YEAH, WELL,
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO COME.
YOU KNOW, I KNOW HOW TO GET TO
THIS CLASS AT THIS POINT.
- I'M JUST SAYING
IT'S WAY BIGGER THAN TUFI'S.
AND THE WEATHER'S NICER,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
- UM, WELL, I ACT UALLY--
I HAVE A LAB AFTER THIS.
- YEAH, YEAH.
ASTRONOMY, I KNOW.
- WELL, WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
- I'LL PROBABLY JUST
GO TO THE STUDENT CENTER,
GRAB SOME COFFEE OR SOMETHING.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO GRAB YOU ANYTHING?
- UH, NO, I'M GOOD.
- OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
I WILL MEET YOU BACK HERE?
- UM, YEAH, SURE.
- OKAY.
- OKAY, HERE WE ARE.
NOW, YOU GUYS
ARE SHARING A ROOM,
BUT I GOT YQU BUNK BEDS.
[humming n0|se]
YOU GUYS GOTTA SEE IT.
THEY'RE LIKE A FORT.
HERE WE GO.
- WHAT'S THAT HUMMING?
- SOUNDS LIKE THE ELEVATOR.
- UH, YEAH, YOU CAN'T HEAR IT
FROM THE BEDROOM THOUGH.
HERE WE GO.
SO HERE IS THE LIVING ROOM.
WE GOT THE KITCHEN OVER THERE.
DINING ROOM OVER HERE.
THIS TV SCREEN, NO JOKE,
PLAYS 3-D MOVIES.
- COOL.
- THEN RIGHT DOWN HERE,
WE GOT OUR OLD TRUSTY FRIEND.
- YOU HAVE AN XBOX?
- AN XBOX.
WE GOT CABLE.
WE GOT PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING
WE HAVE AT HO--AT THE HOUSE.
CHECK IT OUT.
I GOT A COUPLE OF GAMES
WE COULD TRY OUT THIS WEEKEND.
- COOL.
- SYD. HERE'S THAT
RAINBOW LOOM YOU HAVE AT HOME.
I THOUGHT WE COULD,
UH, YOU KNOW,
GO RAINBOW...BRACELET CRAZY
THIS WEEKEND.
- I DON'T PLAY
WITH THAT ANYMORE.
I'M TEN NOW.
- YOU DON'T?
OKAY, WELL, UH,
MAYBE WE'LL JUST HAVE TO
GO TO THE TOY STORE AND
FIND SOMETHING YOU DO PLAY WITH.
HEY, ONE LAST THING.
- THERE'S A POOL?
- THERE IS A POOL, YES.
- SO WE CAN GO SWIMMING?
- YEAH, WE COULD PROBABLY
SQUEEZE IN A QUICK SWIM
BEFORE DINNER.
- BUT WE DIDN'T BRING
OUR BATHING SUITS.
- WELL, IT'S A GOOD THING DAD
BOUGHT YOU BATHING SUITS
AND PUT 'EM ON YOUR BED.
GO, GO, GO, GO, GO, GO.
SECOND DOOR ON THE LEFT.
MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
AND MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO
FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS KNOW
THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHTS
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE
COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
- MM.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE JUST GOT IN THE CAR
AND DROVE TO MENDOCINO.
THAT'S SO CRAZY OF US.
- SCANDALOUS.
- I KNOW! CRAZY CRAZY.
- WHO DO WE HAVE TO THANK
FOR THIS TRIP AGAIN?
- PHIL AND SUE GAVE US
THE GIFT CERTIFICATE.
- THE LESSINGS? REALLY?
- NICE, RIGHT?
I KNOW, IT'S SO WEIRD THOUGH.
PEOPLE GIVING YOU GIFTS
BECAUSE YOU HAVE CANCER.
OH, IT'S NICE THOUGH.
- IT IS WEIRD.
- BUT IT IS RELAXING.
YOU RELAXING?
- YUP.
- YEAH?
- I GOTTA MAKE A QUICK
PHONE CALL, ALL RIGHT?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- TO WHO?
- IT'S JUST A WORK THING
I FORGOT.
GOTTA GET IT OFF MY MIND.
- OKAY.
[YEIPS]
OH! OH, MY GOD!
THAT COLD MOUNTAIN AIR!
[phone rings]
- HELLO?
- HEY, JULES,
IT'S YOUR BIG BROTHER.
- YOU ARE NOT CALLING ME FROM
YOUR SPA WEEKEND IN MENDOCINO.
- LISTEN, I JUST HAD TO
CALL AND CHECK UP.
I WAS WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
HOW YOU DOING?
- UH, I'M--I'M FINE.
- YOU SURE?
- ADAM, THANK YOU SO MUCH,
BUT I'M--I'M F--DON'T WORRY
ABOUT ME, OKAY?
TRULY, I'VE GOT
A WHOLE SCHEDULE.
I ALREADY MADE A TARGET RUN,
I CLEANED OUT THE FREEZER,
I DID AN EXPIRATION DATE PURGE
IN THE PANTRY,
AND NOW I'M ABOUT TO BINGE WATCH
ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK,SO...
- ALL RIGHT, WELL, THAT SOUNDS,
UH, PRODUCTIVE, I GUESS.
- YEAH, WELL, YOU JUST WORRY
ABOUT SHOWING KRISTINA
A GOOD TIME AND TELL ME
YOU'RE NOT WEARING
THAT OLD MAN BATHING SUIT
OF YOURS.
- THESE ARE MY TRUNKS!
- I'LL TAKE THAT AS A YES.
- I'VE HAD THESE TRUNKS FOREVER.
I LOVE MY TRUNKS!
DON'T BE DISSIN' MY TRUNKS.
- OKAY.
I'M HANGING UP NOW.
BYE.
- ALL RIGHT, I LOVE YOU.
HONEY?
[YEIPS]
OH, HO HO HO, IT'S COLD!
- YOU'RE A WUSS.
- OH! WHAT?
- YOU'RE SO WEIRD!
- I JUST NEED YOU
TO CLOSE YOUR EYES, OKAY?
- ALL RIGHT.
- JUST CLOSE YOUR EYES.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO THINK ABOUT A THING.
YOU'RE GOOD.
YOU'RE ALL GOOD, OKAY?
AH, ALL RIGHT, YOU CAN OPEN 'EM.
- [laughs]
ARE YOU LOSIN' THE TRUNKS?
- TIME TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
- YEAH.
- OKAY?
- I LOVE IT!
- SOME OF THESE ARE PRETTY GOOD.
- "SOME OF THESE
ARE PRETTY GOOD."
A RAVE.
- WELL, NOT THESE.
- NO?
- UNUSABLE, UNUSABLE.
- THEY'RE NOT UNUSABLE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE ONES.
- TACO TRUCK
IN THE BACKGROUND RUINS IT.
- IT DOESN'T RUIN IT.
THE TACO TRUCK WAS THE POINT.
I PUT IT THERE.
- WE COULD TAKE IT OUT LATER.
- DON'T TAKE IT OUT.
- IT DRAWS YOUR EYE FROM
THE SURFERS AND SURFBOARD,
AND THAT'S--THIS IS
A SURFSPORT SHOOT, RIGHT?
- NO, IT--
- so—-so—-
- OKAY.
- I WOULD SAY...SCRATCH THOSE.
- SLEEP ON IT, WOULD YOU?
JUST LOOK AT THOSE AGAIN
TOMORROW?
- I DON'T NEED TO
SLEEP ON THAT.
I ALREADY KNOW
THOSE ARE NO GOOD.
- THAT WAS PART
OF MY WHOLE VISION.
THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE ONES.
- YEAH, WELL, VISION?
I MEAN--
- DON'T LAUGH WHEN I SAY VISION.
- SOME OF THEM ARE GOOD.
I SAID SOME OF 'EM ARE GOOD.
- I GOTTA GO.
THANK YOU.
I WILL LIVE ON THAT.
I'LL DINE OUT ON THAT
FOR THE NEXT THREE YEARS.
- WHAT DO YOU GOT, BIG DATE?
- WHAT?
- LIPSTICK AND ALL?
- YES, I'M GOING TO DINNER,
BUT I'M NOT--
IT'S NOT A BIG DATE.
I'M MEETING CARL FOR DINNER.
- SO IT'S KINDA
TURNING INTO SOMETHING?
- WITH CARL? NO.
- THAT'S GOOD.
- WHY IS THAT--WHY?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN? NO.
HE'S A NEIGHBOR.
I'M MEETING HIM FOR DINNER.
- WITH LIPSTICK TOO?
DO YOU EAT--HOW'S THAT WORK?
- I'VE WORN LIPSTICK BEFORE.
I WEAR IT FREQUENTLY.
- YOU GOTTA DRINK WITH A STRAW,
RIGHT, 'CAUSE YOU'RE GONNA
GET IT ON THE GLASS?
THAT'S NOT ATTRACTIVE.
IS IT MAUVE?
- IT'S NOT MAUVE.
I GOTTA GO.
- YEAH.
HAVE A GOOD TIME.
- OKAY, THANKS.
- ALL RIGHT.
IT'S A GOOD COLOR THOUGH.
IT'LL LOOK GOOD WHEN IT'S ON
THE VEAL PARMIGIANA OR WHATEVER.
- HEY.
- HEY, DREW.
- WELL, YEAH.
- [glggleSI
- LATER.
- SO IS SHE, LIKE,
LIVING HERE NOW?
- WHO?
- WHO DO YOU THINK? AMY.
- OH, AMY?
- YEAH, AMY.
- NO. SHE'S JUST BEEN--
SHE'S STAYING HERE
FOR A COUPLE OF WEEKS.
- I'M FINE WITH IT.
I MEAN, WHATEVER,
THE FACT THAT
YOU'RE BLOWING ME OFF,
BUT IT'S LIKE
SHE'S JUST ALWAYS AROUND.
SHE, LIKE, WAITS FOR YOU
OUTSIDE OF CLASS
TO PICK YOU UP AND--LOOK,
EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU TALK TO ME
YOU'RE LOOKING AROUND
LIKE YOU DON'T WANT HER
TO SEE US TOGETHER.
- OH, MY GOSH.
- WHAT IS THAT? IT'S JUST--
IT'S WEIRD, THAT'S ALL.
HEY, AMY.
- HEY.
- JUST LET ME KNOW IF YOU WANNA
COME BACK TO THE WORLD.
- HEY.
- HEY. IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
- NORA.
NORA.
STOP.
- LOOK, SHE NEEDS
A SPOON TO EAT.
- NO, SHE DOESN'T.
SHE USES HER FINGERS AT HOME.
- I KINDA LIKED IT.
SHE HAS A LOT OF RHYTHM.
- THIS MILK TASTES FUNNY.
- IT DOES?
- IT'S THE SAME MILK
WE USE AT HOME.
- CAN I HAVE WATER INSTEAD?
- ME TOO.
- OH, NOW YOU WANT WATER?
EVERYONE'S TOO GOOD FOR MILK?
- WOW, HAVE THOSE THINGS
COME A LONG WAY.
SINCE BACK IN THE DAY.
YEAH, WHEN CROSBY WAS A BABY
HE HAD TO SCREAM HIS LUNGS OUT
BEFORE WE EVER HEARD HIM.
POOR THING.
- YOU KNOW SOMETHING, JABBAR?
YOUR DAD HAD THE LOUDEST LUNGS
I'VE EVER HEARD IN MY LIFE.
[laughter]
- EXPLAINS A LOT.
[baby monitor feedback]
- I WAS ALWAYS FEARLESS
AND BRAVE.
- THIS THING'S MAKING
TOO MUCH STATIC.
IT'S HURTING MY EARS.
- WELL, LET ME FIX THAT FOR YOU,
YOUNG SQUIRE.
[static gone]
THAT BETTER, MAX?
- IS THAT ALL YOU'RE EATING?
- OH, YEAH.
- I THINK YOU SHOULD HAVE
A LITTLE SOMETHING ELSE.
- NO, NO, NO.
- YOU'RE NURSING.
- IT'S FINE.
- YEAH, WELL, I MEAN,
YOU NEED FUEL FOR THE--
- DAD, DAD, DAD.
- HMM?
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT
MY WIFE'S FUEL SUPPLY.
YEAH?
YOU KNOW WHAT I WOULD LOVE
TO TALK ABOUT
IS THE VISITOR WE HAD EARLIER
THIS MORNING.
I THINK HER NAME WAS KAREN?
AND SHE--DAD--SHE WAS
DROPPING OFF SOME COMPS
SHE SAID THAT YOU
HAD REQUESTED BECAUSE...
- MM-HMM.
- THE HOUSE IS ON THE MARKET?
IS THIS--
- YEAH, MM-HMM.
THAT'S RIGHT.
- WELL, WHEN WERE YOU
GONNA TELL ME THIS?
- WELL, WE HADN'T REALLY GOTTEN
THAT FAR, SON.
- WELL, IT AFFECTS A LOT OF US.
- AW, CROSBY.
- WHAT?
OUR WHOLE HISTORY
IS IN THIS HOUSE.
YOU CAN'T JUST SELL IT UP
FROM UNDER US
AND ACT LIKE IT'S NOT
A BIG DECISION.
- WE'RE NOT SELLING ANYTHING OUT
FROM UNDER ANYONE.
IT'S OUR HOUSE.
IT'S OUR DECISION.
- UH-HUH.
- WE'D BEEN THINKING ABOUT IT
AND DISCUSSING IT
FOR QUITE SOME TIME NOW.
AND WE DON'T HAVE TO RUN
ANYTHING BY YOU OR ANYONE ELSE.
- SO ALL THOSE YEARS I THOUGHT
MY FATHER'S TAKING ME
FOR THIS SECRET,
SPECIAL ICE CREAM TREAT
THAT NONE OF MY BROTHERS
AND SISTERS WERE GETTING,
AND THEN, LIKE,
LAST YEAR I FOUND OUT
NO, NO, HE TOOK THEM ALL...
- OH, NO.
- FOR A SECRET ICE CREAM TREAT,
AND THAT'S THE WAY HE GOT
FOUR ICE CREAMS IN ONE DAY
AND DIDN'T GET IN TROUBLE
WITH MY MOM, SO...
- VERY WISE MAN, I THINK.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
- WHO APPARENTLY
ENJOYS ICE CREAM.
- I THOUGHT I WAS SO SPECIAL.
- I THINK YOU'RE PRETTY SPECIAL.
YOU'RE SPECIAL. UH-HUH.
MM.
- THIS IS SO GOOD.
I CAN'T--UGH.
- TALK ABOUT SPECIAL.
_ THIS IS MY FAVORITE FOOD,
AND I KEEP THINKING
ABOUT MY SISTER AT HOME.
- UH, OH, JULIA, RIGHT?
IS THAT--
- YEAH.
IT'S NICE OF YOU TO REMEMBER.
YEAH, ANYWAY, HOME RUN, YOU.
- THANK YOU, PEOPLE AT WORK.
- OH, YEAH?
- THEY RECOMMENDED IT.
I POLLED EVERYONE ENDLESSLY.
- WHY?
- YOU KNOW WHAT, I LOVE
THAT PHOTOGRAPH YOU TOOK
OF THE TACO TRUCK, THE BEACH,
AND, UH, I DON'T KNOW,
JUST THOUGHT IT'D BE FUN
TO TIE THAT IN SOMEHOW.
- OH, MY GOD, THAT'S SO NICE.
- EH...
- IT'S GREAT. YOU SHOULD TAKE
A DATE HERE SOMETIME.
- OH.
- [laughs]
- I SHOULD TAKE A DATE,
SHOULD I?
- [giggIeSI
- WHAT WOULD I CALL THIS?
JUST HANGING OUT?
- YEAH, MAN, JUST,
YOU KNOW, BEING CASUAL.
- YEAH, HAVE A BEER AND TACOS.
I LIKE THAT.
I LIKE YOU.
I DON'T MEET
THAT MANY PEOPLE LIKE YOU
WHO ARE AS THOUGHTFUL
AND KIND AS YOU ARE.
EVEN IN MY LINE OF WORK,
YOU WOULDN'T THINK
THAT WOULD BE THE CASE,
BUT IT IS.
I LIKE THAT YOU--I DON'T KNOW.
YOU THINK ABOUT
YOUR FAMILY HERE,
YOU'RE THINKING
ABOUT YOUR SISTER,
AND YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW BEAUTIFUL YOU ARE.
OR HOW FUNNY.
OH, MY GOD, I SOUND LIKE
I MAY BE FALLING FOR YOU.
GUESS THAT'S WHY WE'RE HERE.
BEER, ANYBODY?
- GREAT.
[laughs]
- BE RIGHT BACK.
[toy squeaks]
- HEY.
I DIDN'T WAKE YOU UP, DID I?
- NOT AT ALL.
I AM UP, I'M GOING FOR A RUN.
- A RUN?
- YEAH, YOU CAN SOUND
LESS SURPRISED.
- I WA--I WASN'T SURPRISED.
I KNOW YOU RUN.
IT'S GOOD, IT'S HEALTHY.
IT'S A GREAT WAY TO--
ANYWAY, HOW WAS THE NIGHT?
- IT WAS EIGHT HOURS.
- OH, NOT MUCH SLEEP, HUH?
- NOPE, NOT MUCH.
ACTUALLY, I ENDED UP IN SYDNEY'S
BED, SO THERE'S THAT.
- IT'S OKAY.
IT MAKES SENSE.
- IT'S SO--I MEAN,
LOGICALLY, I KNOW
THAT THIS IS JUST
FOR THE WEEKEND,
BUT IT'S SO QUIET IN HERE.
IT JUST--IT FEELS EMPTY,
IT SOUNDS EMPTY.
- YOU'LL GET USED TO IT.
- I DON'T WANNA GET USED TO IT.
- NO, I DON'T--I DON'T MEAN--
I MEAN...
IT WON'T ALWAYS BE THIS WAY.
IT GETS BETTER.
JULIA?
- OKAY, THANK YOU.
I'M GONNA GO.
UM--
- NO, COME ON.
HEY, DO YOU WANNA
DO SOMETHING LATER?
HAVE LUNCH OR SOMETHING?
- UM, MAYBE.
UH, LET ME CALL YOU.
LET ME--I'LL CALL YOU AFTER.
- OKAY.
- BYE.
- I'M CONFUSED.
SHE'S LIVING IN--IN YOUR
DORM ROOM WITH YOU?
- YES, SHE'S LIVING
IN MY DORM WITH ME.
- WHAT DOES SHE
DO ALL D--I MEAN--
- I HAVE NO IDEA.
- WAIT.
- IT'S BEEN A WHILE TOO.
HER PARENTS DON'T EVEN KNOW.
- I MEAN, THAT'S WEIRD.
- WHAT SHE'S SAYING IS THAT
I JUST MAKE HER HAPPY
AND SHE JUST WANTS TO BE AROUND
ME AND ALL THIS STUFF.
- WELL, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
- HER TO LEAVE AND GO BACK
TO SCHOOL, YOU KNOW?
I LOVE HER.
I-I DO, BUT...
- IT'S CRAZY.
IT'S--
YOU CAN REALLY LOVE SOMEBODY,
BUT...
ALSO WANT THEM TO GO.
- WHY DON'T WE HAVE
ANY POST-ITS?
- HOW'D THE, UH,
THE LIPSTICK GO?
- THE WHAT?
- DID YOU CHOOSE THE RIGHT COLOR
FOR YOUR DATE?
CAN YOU HAVE THE WRONG COLOR?
WHAT DO YOU GOTTA DO THEN?
YOU GOTTA START--
- I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT WORKED OUT FINE.
- YOU LADIES GOT IT ROUGH.
I GOTTA BE HONEST.
- WHY DO WE LADIES
HAVE IT ROUGH?
- TOO MANY THINGS YOU GOTTA
ACCESSORIZE AND ALL THAT.
- HEY, DID YOU MESS WITH THESE?
THE SURFSPORT?
- YEAH, OH, YEAH.
I-I-I--
- HANK.
- FOOLED AROUND WITH IT.
- YOU TOOK THE TRUCK OUT
OF EVERY SINGLE--
YOU JUST TOOK
ALL THE TRUCKS OUT?
- YES, I MADE--I MADE IT BETTER.
- HANK!
THESE ARE MY--THIS IS MY WORK.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE SO MAD
THAT I PUT ON LIPSTICK TO GO ON
A CASUAL DINNER WITH CARL
THAT YOU MESSED
WITH ALL MY PHOTOS.
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
- THAT'S WHAT YOU DO?
_ "T. II
"T," OKAY?
LEAVE FEED THE WORLD
OUT OF THIS.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT THAT.
WE HAVE TO BRING
THIS TO A CLIENT.
IT'S GOTTA LOOK PROFESSIONAL.
- I KNOW.
THE CLIENT HIRED ME.
I AM THE PROFESSIONAL.
I HIRED YOU TO HELP ME,
NOT SABOTAGE ME.
- SAB--SAB--
THESE AREN'T BETTER?
THESE ARE NOT BETTER?
THAT DOESN'T LOOK BETTER?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- OKAY, THAT--THAT--
OKAY, I MEAN--
- YEAH.
- 75% OF THEM ARE PROBABLY
BETTER WITHOUT IT,
BUT--80%, YOU KNOW,
BUT NOT ALL OF THEM.
- 80%, OKAY.
THANK YOU.
- BUT HANK,
WE'RE DOING THIS TOGETHER.
YOU CAN'T JUST
DO STUFF ON YOUR OWN.
- WELL, WE DID WORK ON IT.
- NO!
WE HAVE TO WORK ON IT TOGETHER
LIKE NORMAL PEOPLE.
COMMUNICATING.
- LIKE NORMAL PEOPLE.
- YOU HAVE AN IDEA
AND I HAVE AN IDEA, AND THEN
WE MAKE A DECISION TOGETHER.
THAT'S WHAT WORKING TOGETHER--
I HAVE TO G--
I'M GONNA GET A COFFEE.
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- I'M GONNA GET A COFFEE.
I NEED TO JUST RELAX
FOR A MINUTE.
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
IF IT LOOKS BETTER,
IT LOOKS BETTER.
- IT'S NOT THE POINT.
- IT IS THE POINT!
80--MORE THAN 80%.
- [sighs]
MM.
[laughs]
THIS IS SO AWESOME, HONEY.
- OH, GOD.
IT IS.
- HMM.
[laughs]
- BEEN A LONG TIME...
- YES, IT HAS.
- SINCE WE TOOK A BREAK.
YEAH, IT'S BEEN
A ROUGH COUPLE OF YEARS.
- THANK YOU.
I JUST--I-I DON'T KNOW IF I
EVER TRULY SAID THANK YOU TO YOU
FOR--FOR EVERYTHING THAT YOU DID
FOR ME, YOU KNOW?
GOING THROUGH THAT TOGETHER,
I-I DON'T THINK
I'VE EVER REALLY,
TRULY SAID "THANK YOU."
LIKE A...
- YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
LISTEN, IF I GOTTA
BE STUCK IN THE MUD...
- [giggIeSI
- I WANNA BE STUCK IN THE MUD
WITH YOU.
- [glggleSI
WELL, YOU'RE STUCK.
- I MEAN, LOOK, THESE TOXINS
ARE JUST DRIPPING OFF OF ME.
- SEE, THIS IS WHY I'M TAKING
ALL THOSE PILLS,
SO I CAN REMEMBER
WHERE I PUT MY SOCKET WRENCHES,
AND I CAN'T FIND 'EM.
- WELL, WHERE DO YOU
THINK YOU PUT 'EM LAST?
- COULD YOU JUST MAKE YOURSELF
USEFUL AND LOOK TOO?
- IN THIS TRASH HEAP?
[sighs]
DAD, THEY'RE RIGHT--
THEY'RE RIGHT HERE.
- NO, THOSE ARE THE OLD ONES.
- THIS IS A SOCKET SET.
- THOSE ARE THE OLD ONES.
- THIS IS THE OLD ONES.
HEAVEN FORBID YOU USE THE OLD--
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE I SHOULD LOOK IN THE HOUSE
FOR THE NEW SET.
HUH?
THE HOUSE, MY CHILDHOOD HOME
THAT'S ON THE MARKET?
THIS--IT'S JUST RIGHT HERE.
I BETTER LOOK NOW BEFORE...
- YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
- YOU'RE SLASHING PRICES,
I KNOW.
- OKAY, WHAT--WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
- WHY AREN'T YOU
SAYING ANYTHING?
- WELL, THERE'S NOTHING MUCH
TO SAY, CROSBY.
- THERE'S A TON TO SAY.
AM I NOT TALKING
TO ZEEK BRAVERMAN?
OF ALL PEOPLE, YOU SHOULD
BE RAISING A RED FLAG.
I MEAN, YOU WOULDN'T MOVE OUT
OF HERE IN A MILLION YEARS.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
- HEY, WHY DON'T YOU JUST LET ME
WORRY ABOUT WHAT I WOULD
OR WOULDN'T DO, ALL RIGHT?
- YOU DON'T SEEM
TO BE WORRYING ABOUT IT.
DAD.
- OKAY.
GOT 'EM.
[grunts]
- OH, GREAT.
DAD.
- HUH?
- LISTEN--HEY, HEY.
WH--PLEASE.
- YOUR MOTHER AND I HAVE BEEN
TOGETHER 47 YEARS,
AND WE'VE BEEN THROUGH A LOT.
WE'VE...BEEN THROUGH
A LOT OF MILESTONES.
THEN SHE GOES AWAY TO EUROPE,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN
I'M LEFT HERE AT THE HOUSE.
I'M ALL ALONE.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE HELL I'M GONNA DO
AND I MISS HER.
I MISS HER LIKE CRAZY.
I REALIZE THAT...
I LOVE HER A LOT MORE
THAN I LOVE THIS HOUSE,
AND IF SELLING THIS HOUSE
MAKES HER HAPPY,
THEN THAT'S WHAT I'M GONNA DO.
SO THAT'S ABOUT IT, SON.
THAT'S--THAT'S
THE BALLGAME RIGHT THERE.
- WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO,
TRYING TO PICK UP THE PACE?
- I'M NOT TRYING
TO PICK UP NOTHING.
- TRYING TO RACE ME?
- TRYING TO GET TO THE SUMMIT.
- YOU'RE TRYING TO RACE ME, HUH?
- YOU'RE SLOW.
- WANNA PLAY TORTOISE
AND THE HARE?
- NO. COME ON!
- HUH? COME ON!
- WHOO!
- TURNING ON THE TURBO BOOST.
I GOT IT.
[laughs]
- THAT WAS SO WRONG!
- OH.
- [sighs]
HONEY, THIS IS GORGEOUS.
- IT'S REALLY BEAUTIFUL.
- REALLY BEAUTIFUL.
WOW.
[laughs]
THIS HAS BEEN REALLY NICE.
- IT'S BEEN GREAT.
[birds crying]
- WHOO.
I'M OUT OF SHAPE.
YOU OKAY?
- I JUST--I TEXTED JULIA EARLIER
AND I'VE BEEN WORRIED ABOUT HER.
THAT'S WHO I CALLED
WHEN I GOT OUT'Jl-CIJF THE HOT TUB.
- LOOK, I KNOW
SHE'S A GROWN WOMAN,
SHE CAN TAKE CARE OF HERSELF,
AND SHE DOESN'T NEED ME THERE.
BUT I JUST FEEL LIKE
I NEEDED TO BE THERE, SO...
- YEAH.
GOOD, OKAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
WE SUMMITED THIS,
WE DID THE HOT TUBBIN',
WE HAD SEX...
- UH-HUH.
TWICE.
- TWICE.
- YEAH.
- IT WAS TWICE.
- OH, YEAH.
- 2 1/2, I MEAN, KINDA.
- [laughs]
I THINK WE SHOULD GO HOME.
- YOU SURE?
- YEAH.
I'M READY.
- I LOVE YOU.
I STILL BEAT YOU.
- YOU KNOW...
- HUH?
- THERE'S NOBODNOAROUND UP HERE.
- YEAH. IF YOU WANNA GO
FOR THE TRIFECT A.
- [laughs]
- TELL YOU WHAT,
LET'S TAKE A QUICK PICTURE
FOR THE LESSINGS, ALL RIGHT?
- FOR THE LESSINGS?
- YEAH.
- OKAY.
- YOU READY?
- YEAH.
- HEY!
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO.
RACE YOU DOWN!
OH, MY HAMMY!
[chuckles]
- THANKS FOR SEEING ME,
ESPECIALLY ON A SATURDAY, DOC.
- NO.
- APPRECIATE IT.
- SO TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON.
- I'M HAVING TROUBLE
WITH THIS WOMAN.
NO, NOT A WOMAN.
IT'S NOT A WOMAN.
I MEAN, IT'S A WOMAN, BUT
IT'S A COWORKER IS WHAT IT IS.
- OKAY.
- IT'S MY SUPERIOR...
ON THIS JOB--
WE'RE DOING IT TOGETHER.
- SURE.
- AND I GUESS--
I GUESS I EDITED
SOME OF HER PHOTOS
WITHOUT LETTING HER KNOW.
YOU KNOW, EVEN THOUGH
I MADE 'EM BETTER.
SHE EVEN ADMITTED
THAT I MADE 'EM BETTER.
800/0.
- MM-HMM.
- 800/0.
SHE'S ANGRY.
I MEAN, SHE'S VERY ANGRY.
- I'M GONNA STOP YOU THERE.
THAT CERTAIN LY
SOUNDS LIKE A PROBLEM.
I WOULDN'T CLASSIFY THAT
AS AN EMERGENCY,
WHICH IS WHAT
YOUR MESSAGE SAID.
- YEAH.
- OKAY?
- YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
- YOU GET ONE OF THESE, HANK.
- I DIDN'T WANNA
WAIT TILL MONDAY.
I JUST--
- OKAY.
IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU EDITED
THESE PHOTOS
WITHOUT COMMUNICATING WITH HER.
- YES.
- IS THAT--
- YES, I--YES, THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT SHE SAID.
- OKAY.
- THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
THAT'S MY PROBLEM,
I GUESS.
WHAT DO I DO?
HOW DO I, UH...
WHAT DO I SAY
TO MAKE IT BETTER?
- WELL, MAYBE THE BEST PLACE
TO START IS WITH LISTENING.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN YOU'RE COMMUNICATING--
- LET ME JUST--LET ME JUST, UH--
- SURE.
- I'M GONNA--YOU KNOW--
- WHEN YOU'RE COMMUNICATING
WITH SOMEONE, YOU SHOULD LOOK AT
THEM WHILE THEY'RE TALKING.
THAT WAY THEY KNOW THAT YOU'RE
ENGAGED IN THE CONVERSATION,
THAT YOU CARE ABOUT
WHAT THEY HAVE TO SAY.
- RIGHT, RIGHT, LIKE NOW.
I'M NOT LOOKING AT--
I MEAN, I'M LOOKING HERE,
BUT I DON'T LOOK AT--
I SHOULD LOOK AT YOU SO YOU--
- SURE.
- YEAH.
- CORRECT.
- OKAY, GO.
- OKAY, FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT HER PICTURES,
TRY TO USE POSITIVE STATEMENTS,
NOT JUST CRITICAL ONES.
- I DID.
I TOLD HER THEY WERE VERY GOOD.
I SAID POSITIVE THINGS.
I'M SURE OF THAT.
- RIGHT, BUT SINCE YOU WENT
AND CHANGED THEM ANWVAY,
MAYBE YOU SHOULD OFFER
AN APOLOGY.
SAY THAT YOU'RE SORRY
FOR MAKING HER ANGRY.
- OKAY, YEAH.
THIS IS GOOD.
COULD YOU--I MEAN, BE SPECIFIC?
JUST SAY IT THE WAY
I WOULD SAY IT.
I WON'T USE THOSE WORDS OR--
- SURE.
- IT'S SOMETHING FOR ME
TO LOOK AT, YOU KNOW?
- ALL RIGHT, YOU COULD SAY
SOMETHING LIKE
"I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND THAT
I SHOULDN'T EDIT THOSE PHOTOS
"WITHOUT TALKING WITH YOU.
I THOUGHT YOU WOULD UNDERSTAND
EXACTLY WHAT I WAS THINKING."
- YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S GREAT.
THAT'S GOOD.
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND, AND THEN
THE--SAY THE FIRST PART AGAIN.
JUST SLOW.
- HOW GOOD IS THIS?
YOU KNOW, THE BEST PART IS,
THIS PIZZA PLACE
IS, LIKE, TWO BLOCKS DOWN,
SO WE CAN ORDER IT ANYTIME.
- MM-HMM.
- THE PEPPERONI'S REALLY GOOD.
- YEAH, SOUNDS LIKE
A SATURDAY TRADITION, HMM?
- LIKE EVERY SATURDAY?
- WELL, YEAH, ANY WEEKEND
YOU'RE--YOU'RE HERE.
$0 FOR TOMORROW I WAS THINKING
EITHER MINI GOLF
OR WE COULD DO, UM,
WHAT'S THAT MOVIE YOU--
- THE ONE WITH THE ROBOTS
WITH THE FIGHTING?
- YEAH, YEAH.
- WE'RE HERE
ALL DAY TOMORROW TOO?
- YEAH, BUG.
- I THOUGHT WE WERE
GOING HOME IN THE MORNING.
- NO.
NO, I GOT YOU ALL WEEKEND.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE A--
A GREAT TIME TOMORROW.
IS THERE A MOVIE
YOU WANTED TO SEE?
IS THERE--YOU KNOW?
I'M HAPPY TO--
- I WANNA GO HOME.
- I KNOW YOU DO,
BUT WE'RE HERE.
- IT'S NOT FAIR.
- I KNOW, BUG.
- CAN I HAVE THE LAST SLICE?
- YEAH, BUDDY.
- THANKS.
[knocks on door]
- UH, JUST WANT TO TALK
TO YOU FOR A SECOND.
- I JUST GOT OUT OF THE SHOWER.
- YEAH, JUST GONNA TAKE A COUPLE
OF MINUTES, THAT ALL.
- COME IN, JUST LET ME
GET DRESSED.
- NO, NO, HOLD ON, I JUST
WANNA JUST SIT RIGHT HERE
IF YOU DON'T MIND.
- WHAT?
CAN I PUT PANTS ON?
- JUST FOR ONE MINUTE.
JUST ONE MINUTE.
I JUST WANNA TALK.
SIT DOWN.
UM...SO...I WANTED TO TALK
ABOUT THE PHOTOS,
THE LITTLE DUST-UP
WE HAD BACK AT THE STUDIO.
- YEAH.
SO I JUST WANTED
TO SAY THAT, UH,
THAT I'M SORRY
THAT I MADE YOU ANGRY.
- OKAY.
- AND, UH...I, UH...
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
THAT I SHOULDN'T EDIT THE PHOTOS
WITHOUT TALKING TO YOU.
AND I, UM--I THOUGHT
YOU WOULD UNDERSTAND
EXACTLY WHAT I WAS THINKING.
- WHAT IS HAPPENING?
- I'M LOOKING AT YOU
AND I'M TALKING TO YOU.
- IT'S JUST LIKE YOU'RE RECITING
SOMETHING YOU MEMORIZED.
- THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
I'M JUST TALKING TO YOU.
- I KNOW, JUST TALK TO ME
IN YOUR NORMAL VOICE.
- IT IS MY NORMAL VOICE.
OH, FORGET IT.
- WH--WHAT?
- THE BOOK--REMEMBER THE BOOK?
THE ASPERGER'S BOOK?
I'M SEEING THIS GUY
ABOUT THAT STUFF.
ABOUT HOW
IT'S AFFECTING MY LIFE.
AND, UH, I'M NOT
A PEOPLE PERSON.
I, UH, I'M NOT LIKE CARL.
I NEVER WILL BE.
I DON'T KNOW.
SOUNDED LIKE A GOOD IDEA
AT THE OFFICE.
IT'S JUST I HAVEN'T BEEN
THAT GOOD WITH YOU, AND, UH...
I'M TRYING TO DO BETTER.
- HEY, BABE.
- HEY.
- WHAT?
- NOTHING.
UH...
- YOU--YOU OKAY?
- YEAH, I JUST WANTED
TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING REALLY QUICK.
- OKAY.
- UM...
YOU KNOW,
I ONLY SAY ANY OF THIS
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU
VERY MUCH,
BUT...
YOU CAN'T STAY HERE
LIKE THIS.
- IS...THIS A NATALIE THING?
- NO.
_ OR--
- NO, IT'S NOT THAT AT ALL.
- OKAY.
I MEAN, I THOUGHT YOU LIKED
HAVING ME VISIT.
- NO, AMY, OF COURSE, I LOVE
HAVING YOU VISIT, YOU KNOW?
I FEEL LIKE YOU'RE KIND OF
HIDING FROM SOMETHING.
- HIDING?
- YES, EVEN LAST YEAR.
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENED.
YOU KNOW, DID YOU EVER TALK
TO ANYONE ABOUT THAT?
BECAUSE ALL WE HAD
WAS EACH OTHER...
AND...YOU RAN OFF.
WE NEVER EVEN TALKED ABOUT IT.
YOU KNOW, AND I...
I ENDED UP TALKING TO MY MOM.
- YOU TOLD YOUR MOM
I GOT THE ABORTION?
- YES, I TOLD MY MOM.
I'M SORRY.
- DREW.
- OKAY?
BUT IT WAS SO HELPFUL.
IT JUST FEELS SO GOOD
TO TALK TO SOMEONE
WHO'S NOT INVOLVED
IN IT THE SAME WAY.
YOU KNOW?
I THINK THAT YOU SHOULD
TALK TO YOUR PARENTS.
NOT EVEN JUST ABOUT THAT,
BUT ABOUT SCHOOL,
EVERYTHING, YOU KNOW?
YOU NEED TO--YOU NEED
TO TELL THEM THAT.
[beeping]
- THE HOUSE AND I
ARE ALL ALONE
[phone chimes]
LONELY HOUSE
LONELY ME
- OH, MY GOD!
- I DON'T MEANHIO BARGE IN...
- BUT I GOT SUCH
A GOOD BOTTLE OF WINE.
I KNOW IT'S GOOD
BECAUSE I STOLE IT FROM CARL.
AND CHINESE FOOD BECAUSE,
YOU KNOW,
WHAT CHEERS ANYBODY UP
MORE THAN CHINESE FOOD?
NOT THIS MUSIC,
I'LL TELL YOU THAT.
- THANK YOU.
- WHOO!
- I HAD ADELE ON EARLIER,
SO THAT WAS WORSE.
- NO, NO, NO, NO,
ADELE IS FOR SAD TIMES.
WE'RE GONNA--WE'RE GONNA
ROCK THIS PARTY.
- THIS LOOKS REALLY NICE.
- YEAH.
[knocks on door]
THANK YOU.
OH, MY GOD.
- JULES?
- [gaSPSI
- HI. I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
WANT SOME COMPANY.
OH!
- DID YOU CALL EACH OTHER?
- GREAT MINDS, GREAT MINDS.
- YOU ALREADY HAVE COMPANY.
I BROUGHT SOME
YUMMY THAI FOOD...
- OH, MY GOD.
- AND A BOTTLE OF
MUCH CHEAPER WINE THAN THAT.
- OKAY.
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS.
- WHAT ARE YOU LISTENING TO?
IS THIS THE, UM,
"KILL MYSELF?"
- I'M TRYING
TO FIND SOMETHING GOOD.
- LEAVE THIS TO ME, YEAH.
OKAY.
GET THIS OUT OF HERE.
- DO WE WANT PLATES?
- YEAH,
I'LL JUST GET--I'LL GET--
[upbeat jazz]
- THERE WE GO!
THAT'S SOME FEEL-GOOD MUSIC.
- OKAY.
- I VOTE FOR GETTING
A LITTLE BUZZ ON
BEFORE WE GET INTO THE CARBS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
- OKAY.
- JUST TO ENJOY A LITTLE FACE
WARM--NUMBING.
_ OH--
- YEAH, A LITTLE EAR TINGLE.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
- THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
- AND YOU HAVE BACKUP BOTTLES,
RIGHT?
- [whispers]
GOOD JOB.
YOU ARE A GOOD PERSON.
YOU'RE AN EVEN BETTER PERSON
THAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE.
- [whispers]
YOU'RE A BETTER BROTHER
THAN I EVER COULD IMAGINE.
- [whispers]
YOU'RE A BETTER PERSON THAN--
- YOU GUYS.
I'M RIGHT HERE.
- HUH?
- WHA--
- WE LOVE YOU.
- EVEN MY DRY CLEANER
ASKED ME...
- OF COURSE
THE DRY CLEANER ASKED.
- WHY I HAD NO SHIRTS
FOR MY HUSBAND.
- THE DRY CLEANER KNOWS ALL.
- OH, MY GOD, I'M GONNA
HAVE TO TELL EVERYBODY
THAT I'M SEPARATED?
- OH, HONEY, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
DO ANYTHING YOU DON'T WANNA DO.
- I DON'T WANT TO.
I DON'T--I DON'T WANNA
TELL ANYBODY ELSE.
- WELL, I GUESS THEY ARE IN
THE BUSINESS OF DIRTY LAUNDRY.
[laughter]
- WHOO!
- YOU GUYS, I CAN'T EVEN
LOOK AT MOM AND DAD.
- WHY?
- IT'S JUST--
BECAUSE I'M THE BLACK SHEEP.
I'M--
- OF OUR FAMILY?
LOOK WHO YOU'RE TALKING TO.
- OKAY, I'M LIKE...
- AT ALL.
- A GRAY SHEEP.
- YOU'RE NOT EVEN
ON THE SPECTRUM
OF BLACK SHEEP.
- THINK OF ALL THE STUFF
THAT THE TWO OF US HAVE DONE
TO MAKE MOM AND DAD FEEL ASHAMED
AND EMBARRASSED.
- YOU GO SLEEP WITH
YOUR NEPHEW'S BEHAVIORAL AID...
- YEAH.
- AND THEN YOU TALK TO ME
ABOUT BEING A BLACK SHEEP.
- THAT'S VALID.
- YOU HAVEN'T DONE
ANYTHING OF THE SORT.
- I WOULDN'T DO THAT.
- WHAT ABOUT THIS DIRT BAG
SETH SHE WAS LINKED UP TO?
- DIRT BAG.
- DRUG THE BRAVERMAN NAME
THROUGH THE MUD.
- LEFT SCHOOL FOR HIM.
- WOW, WE'RE JUST--
[door opens]
[gasping]
-ADAM!
- HEY.
- YEAH!
- WAIT A MINUTE.
NOW, YOU TOLD ME NOT TO COME.
- NO!
- I DIDN'T--WE DIDN'T KNOW.
- BUT I COULDN'T LEAVE YOU
ALONE WITH THESE TWO, OKAY?
- I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU CAME.
- EVERYBODY CAME ON THEIR OWN.
- THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
- UNBELIEVABLE.
- HAVING A LITTLE PARTY,
ARE WE?
- YEAH.
- WE'RE HAVING A LITTLE PARTY.
- WE WERE JUST PLAYING
WHO'S THE BLACKEST SHEEP
OF THE FAMILY GAME.
- IT'S A RIDICULOUS GAME.
- YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO PLAY.
- IT'S HARD BEING
MR. PERFECT PANTS.
- HOW MANY BOTTLES OF WINE AWAY
ARE WE HERE ANYWAY?
- OH!
- WHO'S COUNTING?
- THE--THE AUDITOR'S HERE.
- I MIGHT HAVE TO TRY AND PLAY
A LITTLE CATCH-UP HERE.
- THAT'S THE SPIRIT.
- WHAT ARE WE HAVING?
- OH, BOY.
- ARE YOU HUNGRY?
WE HAVE FOOD.
WE HAVE SO MUCH FOOD LEFT.
- A LITTLE MALBEC.
IS THIS IT?
IS THAT IT?
- GUYS, THAT'S--
THERE'S PROBABLY MORE.
I-I CAN'T--I CAN'T BELIEVE
THAT YOU'RE ALL HERE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU ALL--
THAT EACH OF YOU
THOUGHT TO COME OVER HERE.
all: OF COURSE WE DID.
- BUT NO, NOT OF COURSE.
THIS IS AMAZING.
YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING.
- WE LOVE YOU.
OF COURSE WE'RE HERE.
WHERE ELSE WOULD WE BE?
- WE LOVE YOU, JULES.
- WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
CHEERING YOU UP THOUGH,
NOT CHEERING YOU DOWN.
- YOU ARE CHEERING ME UP.
- IT FEELS LIKE A CHEER-DOWN.
- [laughs] NO!
- WHAT?
[upbeat music plays]
- I DON'T KNOW
IF IT'S THIS WINE,
BUT SUDDENLY I'M NOT FEELING
SO WELL.
CAN YOU FEEL MY FOREHEAD?
- HE'S TURNING INTO THE HULK.
- YOU KNOW WHAT
HE'S COMING DOWN WITH?
- OH, I THINK I--
- HAVE YOU GOT A FEVER?
- I THINK I MIGHT BE COMING DOWN
WITH SOME FEVER!
- [squeals]
COME ON.
[Burning Down the Houseplays]
- THAT MEANS I GET TO WATCH.
- WE CAN'T LET HIM
DO THIS BY HIMSELF.
- YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
- THIS IS NOT EVEN MY ERA.
- TALKING HEADS
IS EVERYONE'S ERA.
COME ON.
- COME ON, JULES.
- LOOK AT FEVER.
JUST FOLLOW HIM.
- OH, MY GOD.
[chattering]
- [clucks]
THERE IT IS!
- I DON'T THINK THAT'S REAL--
- FEVER, GIVE US A WARNING
IF YOU NEED TO BACK UP.
OH, NO, BACK UP!
- OH, I'M AFRAID, I'M AFRAID.
- GET THE BACK BRACE READY.
[cheering]
- [groans]
- OW!
- WHOA!
- [groans]
- JULES, COME ON.
- YEAH, GET WILD.
- YEAH!
[overlapping chatter]
- YOU CAN DO THIS.
- THEY STILL THINK
I'M IN BOSTON.
- I KNOW.
- I MEAN, I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT I'M GONNA SAY TO THEM.
- YOU JUST HAVE TO
TELL THEM THE TRUTH.
YOU KNOW, TELL 'EM THAT
TUFTS WASN'T WHAT YOU
THOUGHT IT WAS GONNA BE
AND IT'S NOT FOR YOU.
AND THEY'RE GONNA UNDERSTAND.
- OKAY, WELL, GIVEN EVERYTHING
I'M ABOUT TO TELL THEM,
YOU PROBABLY SHOULDN'T
WAIT FOR ME.
- YEAH.
I WAS THINKING THAT.
- YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN CALL ME
FOR ANYTHING.
I MEAN IT.
IF I DON'T ANSWER,
I'M SURE BERTO
WILL KINDLY TAKE A MESSAGE.
- [laughs]
- HE'S STILL ANSWERING MY PHONE.
THERE'S JUST NO BOUNDARIES
THERE WHATSOEVER, BUT...
YOU OKAY?
- I'M OKAY.
- FOR I'M BROKEN
DOWN
COMING DOWN
- BYE, DREW.
- BYE.
- FOR MY HEART LIES
FAR AND AWAY
WHERE THEY TOOK YOU DOWN
LED THEM OVER
TO YOUR HOUSE
- THANKS.
- WHERE I'M BROKEN
DOWN BY THE PEOPLE
IF THEY LET YOU BREATHE
DON'T GIVE A DAMN
IF YOU STILL CAN'T SEE
[engine starts]
STILL MY HEART BEATS
FOR YOU
- ALL RIGHT, GRANDSON,
NOW LISTEN UP.
- YEP.
- I AM GOING TO TEACH YOU
HOW TO ROAST THE MOST PERFECT
MARSHMALLOW IN THE WORLD,
AND THE SECRET IS YOU GOTTA KEEP
TURNING IT SLOWLY.
- CAN YOU PUT MINE ON FOR ME?
- THE MARSHMALLOW'S
GETTING ALL WARM.
- OH, THANK YOU.
- YOU BET.
OOH!
- OH, MINE'S FALLING OFF
AND IT'S ON FIRE!
- OH, OH, OH, IT'S OKAY,
IT'S OKAY, IT'S OKAY.
THAT'S THE WAY I LOVE THEM.
- MMM.
- OKAY, LET'S TAKE IT OFF.
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
- YEAH.
- I DON'T REALLY
LIKE MARSHMALLOWS.
THEY'RE TOO STICKY.
- THEY'RE TOO STICKY?
- I JUST LIKE THE GRAHAM
CRACKERS AND CHOCOLATE.
- WELL, THAT'S OKAY.
THAT SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.
HERE YOU GO.
- OKAY, HERE'S MY OTHER ONE.
- THANKS.
- HEY, DREW.
- YUM.
- HEY.
- HEY, DREW.
- HOW YOU DOING?
HOW ABOUT A BEER?
- HEY.
HE GETS ENOUGH BEER
AT COLLEGE.
YOU CAN ONLY
GET A S'MORE AT HOME.
WOULD YOU GO FOR A S'MORE?
- YES, PLEASE.
- ARE YA IN?
- YEAH I'M IN.
- HI.
- HEY.
- HOW YOU DOING?
- FINE.
I...TALKED TO AMY.
I DID IT, SO...
- YOU OKAY?
- HERE YOU GO, GRANDSON.
- THANK YOU.
- MM-HMM.
- SWEETIE?
- TRAVELING STREET
THAT I DID NOT KNOW
WHEELS LIKE TONG
TO THE WINTER LOPE
DOWN IN THE VALLEY
WHERE THE CHURCH BELLS CRY
I'LL LEAD THEM OVER
TO YOUR EYES
- I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE, DREW.
- YEAH. ME TOO.
- OH OH OH OH
IAM ONE
[elevator rumbling]
I AM ONE
[phone rings]
[phone vibrates]
- JOEL?
- MOM?
- HEY, SWEETIE.
WHAT'S UP?
- I HAD A BAD DREAM.
THE ELEVATOR IN THE BUILDING
MAKES THIS WEIRD NOISE.
- WELL, UM, WHY DON'T YOU GO
WAKE UP YOUR DAD?
- I DON'T WANNA WAKE UP DAD.
CAN YOU JUST TALK TO ME?
- YEAH.
I CAN TALK TO YOU, SWEETIE,
BUT I THINK THAT DAD
WOULD WANNA KNOW.
- I JUST WANT YOU, MOM.
- WELL, OKAY, I-I'M HERE.
I CAN TALK TO YOU.
I WILL TALK TO YOU UNTIL
YOU GO BACK TO SLEEP.
- OKAY.
- SO, WEIRD ELEVATOR NOISES,
HUH?
- YEAH.
- OF COURSE, MY MOM AND DAD'S--
GRANDMA AND GRANDPA'S DOESN'T
HAVE AN ELEVATOR,
BUT THEY HAVE
THOSE CREAKY OLD STAIRS.
THEY USED TO WAKE ME UP
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
WITH SCARY NOISES.
- REALLY?
- BUT YOU KNOW
WHO WAS REALLY SCARED?
YOUR UNCLE CROSBY.
HE WOULD RUN INTO MY ROOM
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
CONVINCED THAT SOMETHING WAS
COMING UP THE STAIRS TO GET HIM.
SO ONE NIGHT,
WE SET UP A BOOBY TRAP.
AFTER EVERYBODY ELSE
HAD GONE TO SLEEP,
WE STRUNG DENTAL FLOSS ACROSS
THE TOP OF THE STAIRS.
NOTHING WAS GONNA GET PAST US.
AND YOU KNOW,
WE DID CATCH SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW WHAT WE CAUGHT?
YOUR GRANDPA.
HE BROKE HIS NOSE.
HE GROUNDED US FOR THREE WEEKS.
AND, SWEETIE, YOU KNOW...
IT GOT LESS SCARY.
AND ALL OF THIS WILL TOO.
VICTOR?
GOOD NIGHT, SWEETHEART.
[gentle folk song]